Elaborate on RKE2 documentation (#2482)
rancher/rke2: developer-docs/about_rke2_docs.md

# About RKE2 docs

The RKE2 git repository currently holds two kinds of documentation:

- RKE2 User Docs
- RKE2 Developer Docs

There are other differences than their audiences, and this document elaborates on it.

## User docs

As its name suggests, the main target for this documentation is Rancher RKE2 users. Covering RKE2 topics such as architecture, installation and upgrade process, and security from an end-user perspective.

> The documentation's source lingers as markdown files in the `docs/` directory within this repository. These documents are processed using [mkdocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) and served on <https://docs.rke2.io/> as a documentation website.

Reviewer: > linger 
> stay in a place longer than necessary because of a reluctance to leave

Is this a commentary on our collective failure to move the docs out to a separate repo? If so I like it!

Author: Hehe, actually no, I wrote it by mere force of habit. Should I say "The documentation's source **are** markdown files [...]" or swap "linger" with something else?

Reviewer: Maybe something like:
```suggestion
The documentation is contained in markdown files in the `docs/` directory within this repository. These documents are processed using [mkdocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) and served on <https://docs.rke2.io/> as a documentation website.
```
